Construction series i at the start and
Welcome to a subscription master
one or two weapons masters
Benfica orders he has no
weapon master mode bell 4 3 had one
However officer does not have and
I've come up with a free mode
the principle is relatively simple me
comment live with you then together
and try to pick up so many weapons
as it somehow goes in a life and
The principle is still a few rules
I have to pick is looking for a weapon
as soon as someone has killed and
exactly from that the weapon
it should cancel until then the
that does not count
and yes you have to try so long
how to live and many weapons
rhine to pop as it is somehow possible
and take everything from the one you
you can also kill which one
but that is only appropriate and that
does not count then to the score yes and
As I said, the principle is there
be unique and with it is the
bock here in any case the subscribers
by me and the first in any case
here with at the start
cool thing in any case and yes me
would not say directly to not
play with the scala at the beginning and then
john has so constantly in colleagues
kempin there it was okay okay so on
let's go now we have to try
I'm the round a bit later
come with the vki now we have to
try to be reasonably clear
that will not be definitely not
simply because the pipes are already seeing
must pick up the weapon from that
that worked quite well
economy almost got it now
we must fakt from her and are
always directly on it
We got a weapon to date has
certainly not so bad because it
damn hard to that too
Inspire if you imagine then
that the children were just like just now
but just do not know 30
kilometer further away then
Sauschwer to get there and the
to get a weapon and then you have to
just through the entire battlefield
in it and that's why you should
think twice about getting someone
bring or
nobody kills who is further away and me
just notice what the whole thing is
makes it harder that we have opponents
that just dominates us right
shit on will come clear and the
opponents you can find now for the first time
outside is at least one
Weapon expires at least one week
had you on it, it was clear that me
the hardcore here gets the applicator
Of course, you can jump right into it
mouth
and when I get revived counts
that, of course, tells the whole story
Of course not then I can completely
continue playing normally
and now you have to try
reasonably to come here on space
He just talked about my god
my aiming is so much after so now
we have to look that we are clearly here
I think you can always do that a lot
well in pairs play so one
make splitscreen itself and then
watch who merkels sharp
or more weapons has so now
let's just jump the daring
wonder
yes please 5 percent still help counts as
that is, once counts as a kill
I can also do it by virtue of him
sincerely correct type of me here
has revived and now you have to
go down here to be careful because
the type wants to train more and has
also made it from behind where I got the way
correctly the guys are just too heavy
in the 23 bock has already 52 but the later
uni weapon master is the difference
old moth age shit shit
crap
it must try to clear it somehow
come
and all still live
comment that is the bright sun
still continue to be pure and
who is not put away now
no no no definitely
nokia makes me look that time
somehow get to run
You will find some kills here
but only one counts
So a weapon even more calculated
but I can also enjoy the others
take off
that was my weapon back to me
this foal he has had and
now I have it purely a grenade
sorry at kitas school but you are
I just have to go now
try to get some boxes
usd what are you yours and if i am
now running very high is clearly
on the mouth
because we also have a weapon and that
is the second now what came where
now here
yes, please recognize on the hill there in front
what is he of the type sure yes
clear
okay we have two weapons now
Of course, the company is done
or three weapons the first
Weapon counts also that is walter has
this guy does not wear that kind of man
I hate those kemper tampa bay is
but revived by oh well everything
a green one
crap
on
the insider for you
so
Now this guy is finally gone
I'm so excited that you can not do it
to bring a bit of life here
understandable so now we have again
a weapon that I will probably
synonymous somehow show in the top right
is better for a weapon and how many
Weapons overall so what was me then
I think that was the first time
what matters is not really cold
I own or have because now here the
m 416 is I can say so yes
is not a problem so please, please, how many
is that everything?
clear where to revive protection people
revive quite important though
you such egoists since and
Waffenmeister plays where it just
it depends on people to take
how many are so that was the next
weapon
we watch that we are pushing a
little life departure is quite more there
yes already over
People I had to have a look
that it fits in with the recording time
Definitely more exciting moni and yes
I would say if it is you
liked how to leave a comment and
side got off what's going on and mf5
for weapons master now not so
bad and I'll do it now
I have to comment live
Kathrein until next time
and yes, all right